doctype html
html(lang="en")
    head
        meta(charset="UTF-8")
        meta(http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible", content="IE=edge")
        meta(name="viewport", content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0")
        link(rel="stylesheet", href="../style.css")
        title WWA Board meeting: October agenda
    body 
        //- REMEMBER TO PUT THE NAME OF THE PERSON WHO RAISES ISSUES

        h1 October agenda
        
        section 
            h2 Meeting opening
            h3 Attendance and apologies
            h3 Conflict of interest disclosure
            h3 Minutes of the previous meeting
            p Previous meeting agenda is 
                //- put in correct link
                a(href='./attachments/minutes_august.pdf' target='_blank') here.
            h3 _Matters arising from the minutes of the previous meeting
            
            //- actions from last meeting here
            pre.
                David Barns
                [ ] offer Peet $4000 for mats
                [x] liaise with WAL re: Youth Nationals
                [ ] ask Rick Smith to review AMG indemnity form
                [ ] askRick Smith when he's available to meet with board to review Board Governance Charter
                [ ] organise meeting with Brett Rogers from DLGSCI re ongoing funding
                
                Erica May and Carlize Jankowitz
                [x] Send email to coaches re: volunteers for George Samios Cup
                [ ] liaise with Exclusive Trophies re: Individual High Performance Trophies
                
                Chris Samios
                [ ] Contact clubs and other combat sports re:attendance at AMG
                
                Dyota Tanuwibawa
                [ ] Arrange with David to keep Neil Gregory file somewhere accessible
                [ ] Draft up potential sites for holding tournaments, ask coaches for suggestions on where to hold tournaments other than Herb Graham
                [x] Hold meeting with board to discuss Governance Charter

            h3 Finance report

        section
            h2 Matters for decision
            
            h3 Women's wrestling attire for Muslims #[i (Erica)]
            blockquote
                p Is wrestling singlet compulsory for Youth National Wrestling Championships 2021[?] We have some juniors ( Muslims background) who are very shy wearing wrestling singlets.
            
            h3 Youth Nationals #[i (Erica)]
            ul
                li Pricing
                li Timing

            h3 Lance Kinnaird for social media content #[i (Erica)]
            p On engaging Lance Kinnaird from Digital Marketing Ninja to create content for social media on an ongoing basis. Currently awaiting quote.

        section
            h2 Matters for discussion
            h3 Australian Masters Games #[i (Erica)]
                
            h3 Grant money status #[i (Erica)]
            p Erica: I have tried to keep track of outgoings but I can't access the bank details so can't exactly see what's gone out, especially to Rick Smith to confirm these costs. What I have so far is documented 
                a(href='https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/17qiZC0GJGfiOFAwsBQ5lHzU2ArbrXJZxkKUWmVP8TH8/edit?usp=sharing') here
                | .
        
            h3 Intro to officiating #[i (Chris Samios)]
            p To be held on Sunday 24/10/2021

            h3 Trophies #[i (Erica)]
            p I've also been working on getting some trophy quotes and images to the board but it's been a little more complicated than I'd hoped. Will continue trying to streamline the process.

        section
            h2 Matters for noting
            h3 Commonwealth Games qualification criteria #[i (National)]
            blockquote 
                p Wrestling Australia [will] cancel all camps for 2021 and remove the South African... Commonwealth Championships from the [Commonwealth Games] nomination criteria.
                p [The] revised nomination criteria  by the High Performance Committee [will] focus on [the] first quarter of 2022. The [Committee] will do their very best to keep the criteria local to Australia.
            h3 Completed: Add CALD questions to member registrations for next year. #[i (Erica)]

            
       	
        section
            h2 Next meeting
            




