<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8">
    <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../style.css">
    <title>WWA Board meeting: March</title>
  </head>
  <body> 
    <h1>March agenda</h1>
    <section>
      <pre></pre>
    </section>
    <section> 
      <h2>Meeting opening</h2>
      <minutes>7:07 pm</minutes>
      <minutes>4 wrestlers into Guam: Tom, Erceg, Skiba, TJ</minutes>
      <minutes>already paid airfares, comp postponed to June</minutes>
      <minutes>they need commonwealth games numbers by mid-may</minutes>
      <minutes>camp at AIS not proceeding due to org issues</minutes>
      <minutes>Karen Gregory also going</minutes>
      <minutes>impact? </minutes>
      <minutes>4th april, back at 10th, back into camp at AIS (original plan)</minutes>
      <minutes>up to 20-25 athletes going to guam, up to 12 gold medals</minutes>
      <minutes>then, how to select 6 spots to comm games</minutes>
      <minutes>
        <pre>14 days is this sunday to call an AGM

</pre>
      </minutes>
      <h3>Attendance and apologies</h3>
      <minutes>none declared</minutes>
      <h3>Conflict of interest disclosure</h3>
      <h3>Minutes of the previous meeting</h3>
      <p>Minutes can be found 
        <!-- minutes--><a href="https://client.revolutionise.com.au/wwa/reports/meetings/minutes/12181/">here</a>
      </p>
      <h3>Matters arising from the minutes of the previous meeting</h3>
      <minutes>actions: lance action items?</minutes>
      <minutes>covid self-screening, but we're at a different level now? </minutes>
      <minutes>
        <pre>Fountain College has gone very cold</pre>
      </minutes>
      <action>David: Reach out to Fountain College to follow up, and to notify of postponement of March tournament</action>
      <minutes>what about Scrappy? do they know? it's on soc med that it's been postponed. Erica will message regarding postponement tournament</minutes>
      <minutes>lance says popup is on website</minutes>
      <minutes>rhea would like to have this op and running before nationals in june reg. coaches and accrediation</minutes>
      <minutes>David: what about coaching if there's no formal ?</minutes>
      <minutes>what about risk analysis? related to postponement of tournament. gone through risk analysis formally through email. </minutes>
      <minutes>contact: dlgsci, sportwest, national board. see what's in common. </minutes>
      <action>david reach out to brett, matt, rhea</action>
      <minutes>smoothcomp two mats didn't get to see</minutes>
      <minutes>ensuring that they are members. can put in a manual check into smoothcomp to enter wrestling ID. </minutes>
      <minutes>register through revo or smoothcomp? both is cumbersome. </minutes>
      <minutes>put in a text field to put in WAL ID. </minutes>
      <h3>Finance report</h3>
      <minutes>no report</minutes>
    </section>
    <section>
      <h2>Matters for decision</h2>
      <!-- attach details-->
      <h3> </h3>
    </section>
    <section>
      <h2>Matters for discussion</h2>
      <h3>United for Wrestling reschedule</h3>
      <p>Tournament originally scheduled for 20th March, but board decided unanimously to postpone on 6th March. </p>
      <p>At this stage, reschedule to 8th of May</p>
      <p>Herb Graham are available on that day</p>
      <p>We will need a new tournament director.</p>
      <minutes>erica only charges running, not charging for the day at the tournament + entire family. </minutes>
      <minutes>SmoothComp fits into grant category. What about allocating funds towards people inside org already and/or outside who know SmoothComp, to upskill WWA. </minutes>
      <minutes>short term contract? put something out on Seek</minutes>
      <action>David and Erica to talk </action>
      <minutes>Chris B: put out a Seek ad for board member</minutes>
      <minutes>sec, tres, vp</minutes>
      <minutes>notify club that we're looking? whatever is put on seek will be put out to all of the clubs</minutes>
      <h3>DLGSC Annual Organisation Performance Assessment and Recategorisation </h3>
      <p>This is where we score ourselves and it will have an impact on funding for next three years - we could go from $10K to $35k /annum</p>
      <p>Meeting booked in with Brett Rogers on 16th of March, 5 to 6.30</p>
      <p>Forms due on 14th of March</p>
      <p>Forms:</p>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="https://dl-mail.ymail.com/ws/download/mailboxes/@.id==VjN-dnvWk8vElqkK-ooRTA8Zqor27TKjIunpsqpNIa544F0Kwb4eBuzU3LOkGmUH6g70MKmkp9ueTy7U9IR2ZTxe3Rh-J5C6LyUnkpuuSevalNc/messages/@.id==AKg0MrsAYuLrYiiFuwHUwA-w8qY/content/parts/@.id==2/raw?appid=YMailNorrin&amp;ymreqid=554efc9a-6b3d-d5fd-1c5d-90000301c000&amp;token=AAgca7aZIDK2VfEgvdn8_ZTL-D10_COQsQX2AoARjlbb90buPBprNEspDxnYAjpE_8tO4M-eRgjarE_ZXyb9UBmZSa2bgc4JhLLUhA33tXsT-Uw8OLmWzlp6I-XxB6Fz&amp;error=https%3A%2F%2Fau.mail.yahoo.com%2Fd%2Fiframemsg%3Fid%3Ddownload-7016135658">Supporting Information - Annual Organisation Performance Assessment - State Sporting Associations - March 2022.xlsx</a></li>
        <li><a href="https://dl-mail.ymail.com/ws/download/mailboxes/@.id==VjN-dnvWk8vElqkK-ooRTA8Zqor27TKjIunpsqpNIa544F0Kwb4eBuzU3LOkGmUH6g70MKmkp9ueTy7U9IR2ZTxe3Rh-J5C6LyUnkpuuSevalNc/messages/@.id==AKg0MrsAYuLrYiiFuwHUwA-w8qY/content/parts/@.id==3/raw?appid=YMailNorrin&amp;ymreqid=554efc9a-6b3d-d5fd-1c5d-90000301c000&amp;token=hQSg-eYYtV3mS74l4G2BrZvWhTrBNTjBhymdEYDUfWLOaRhlz1eMu1eEnKHsND7S_8tO4M-eRgjarE_ZXyb9UBmZSa2bgc4JhLLUhA33tXsT-Uw8OLmWzlp6I-XxB6Fz&amp;error=https%3A%2F%2Fau.mail.yahoo.com%2Fd%2Fiframemsg%3Fid%3Ddownload-7740245202">Survey Question Set - Word Document - AOPA Process (1).docx</a></li>
      </ul>
      <minutes>this is the first year that we've seen the survey first hand, see if </minutes>
      <minutes>questions go from 6 to 31?</minutes>
    </section>
    <section>
      <h2>Matters for noting</h2>
      <h3>WWA have withdrawn from AMG</h3>
      <minutes>received response from unigames</minutes>
      <minutes>next AMG oct 2023 in adelaide </minutes>
      <h3>Carlize Jankowitz has resigned from the board (received 09/03/2022)</h3>
      <h3>DLGSCI asking about club affiliations to WWA in relation to KidSport</h3>
      <p>Asked about UFC Gym Balcatta (denied) and Truth (confirmed)</p>
      <minutes>give them feedback? rick: he said: what about what club affiliation looks like</minutes>
    </section>
    <section>
      <h2>Next meeting</h2>
      <p>Tuesday 19th April </p>
      <p>8:11pm</p>
    </section>
  </body>
</html>