doctype html
html(lang="en")
    head
        meta(charset="UTF-8")
        meta(http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible", content="IE=edge")
        meta(name="viewport", content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0")
        link(rel="stylesheet", href="../style.css")
        title WWA Board meeting: March
    body 
        h1 March agenda
        
        section
            pre.

        section 
            h2 Meeting opening
            minutes 7:07 pm
            minutes 4 wrestlers into Guam: Tom, Erceg, Skiba, TJ
            minutes already paid airfares, comp postponed to June
            minutes they need commonwealth games numbers by mid-may
            minutes camp at AIS not proceeding due to org issues
            minutes Karen Gregory also going
            minutes impact? 
            minutes 4th april, back at 10th, back into camp at AIS (original plan)
            minutes up to 20-25 athletes going to guam, up to 12 gold medals
            minutes then, how to select 6 spots to comm games
            minutes
                pre.
                    14 days is this sunday to call an AGM
            

            h3 Attendance and apologies
            minutes none declared

            h3 Conflict of interest disclosure
            
            h3 Minutes of the previous meeting
            p Minutes can be found 
                // minutes
                a(href='https://client.revolutionise.com.au/wwa/reports/meetings/minutes/12181/') here

            h3 Matters arising from the minutes of the previous meeting
            minutes actions: lance action items?
            minutes covid self-screening, but we're at a different level now? 
            minutes
                pre.
                     Fountain College has gone very cold
            action David: Reach out to Fountain College to follow up, and to notify of postponement of March tournament

            minutes what about Scrappy? do they know? it's on soc med that it's been postponed. Erica will message regarding postponement tournament

            minutes lance says popup is on website

            minutes rhea would like to have this op and running before nationals in june reg. coaches and accrediation

            minutes David: what about coaching if there's no formal ?

            minutes what about risk analysis? related to postponement of tournament. gone through risk analysis formally through email. 

            minutes contact: dlgsci, sportwest, national board. see what's in common. 

            action david reach out to brett, matt, rhea

            minutes smoothcomp two mats didn't get to see

            minutes ensuring that they are members. can put in a manual check into smoothcomp to enter wrestling ID. 

            minutes register through revo or smoothcomp? both is cumbersome. 

            minutes put in a text field to put in WAL ID. 

            h3 Finance report
            minutes no report

        section
            h2 Matters for decision
            // attach details

            h3 
            
        section
            h2 Matters for discussion
            h3 United for Wrestling reschedule
            p Tournament originally scheduled for 20th March, but board decided unanimously to postpone on 6th March. 
            p At this stage, reschedule to 8th of May
            p Herb Graham are available on that day
            p We will need a new tournament director.

            minutes erica only charges running, not charging for the day at the tournament + entire family. 

            minutes SmoothComp fits into grant category. What about allocating funds towards people inside org already and/or outside who know SmoothComp, to upskill WWA. 

            minutes short term contract? put something out on Seek

            action David and Erica to talk 

            minutes Chris B: put out a Seek ad for board member

            minutes sec, tres, vp

            minutes notify club that we're looking? whatever is put on seek will be put out to all of the clubs

            

            h3 DLGSC Annual Organisation Performance Assessment and Recategorisation 
            p This is where we score ourselves and it will have an impact on funding for next three years - we could go from $10K to $35k /annum
            p Meeting booked in with Brett Rogers on 16th of March, 5 to 6.30
            p Forms due on 14th of March
            p Forms:
            ul
                li #[a(href='https://dl-mail.ymail.com/ws/download/mailboxes/@.id==VjN-dnvWk8vElqkK-ooRTA8Zqor27TKjIunpsqpNIa544F0Kwb4eBuzU3LOkGmUH6g70MKmkp9ueTy7U9IR2ZTxe3Rh-J5C6LyUnkpuuSevalNc/messages/@.id==AKg0MrsAYuLrYiiFuwHUwA-w8qY/content/parts/@.id==2/raw?appid=YMailNorrin&ymreqid=554efc9a-6b3d-d5fd-1c5d-90000301c000&token=AAgca7aZIDK2VfEgvdn8_ZTL-D10_COQsQX2AoARjlbb90buPBprNEspDxnYAjpE_8tO4M-eRgjarE_ZXyb9UBmZSa2bgc4JhLLUhA33tXsT-Uw8OLmWzlp6I-XxB6Fz&error=https%3A%2F%2Fau.mail.yahoo.com%2Fd%2Fiframemsg%3Fid%3Ddownload-7016135658') Supporting Information - Annual Organisation Performance Assessment - State Sporting Associations - March 2022.xlsx]
                li #[a(href='https://dl-mail.ymail.com/ws/download/mailboxes/@.id==VjN-dnvWk8vElqkK-ooRTA8Zqor27TKjIunpsqpNIa544F0Kwb4eBuzU3LOkGmUH6g70MKmkp9ueTy7U9IR2ZTxe3Rh-J5C6LyUnkpuuSevalNc/messages/@.id==AKg0MrsAYuLrYiiFuwHUwA-w8qY/content/parts/@.id==3/raw?appid=YMailNorrin&ymreqid=554efc9a-6b3d-d5fd-1c5d-90000301c000&token=hQSg-eYYtV3mS74l4G2BrZvWhTrBNTjBhymdEYDUfWLOaRhlz1eMu1eEnKHsND7S_8tO4M-eRgjarE_ZXyb9UBmZSa2bgc4JhLLUhA33tXsT-Uw8OLmWzlp6I-XxB6Fz&error=https%3A%2F%2Fau.mail.yahoo.com%2Fd%2Fiframemsg%3Fid%3Ddownload-7740245202') Survey Question Set - Word Document - AOPA Process (1).docx]
            
            minutes this is the first year that we've seen the survey first hand, see if 

            minutes questions go from 6 to 31?

        section
            h2 Matters for noting
            h3 WWA have withdrawn from AMG
            minutes received response from unigames
            minutes next AMG oct 2023 in adelaide 
            
            h3 Carlize Jankowitz has resigned from the board (received 09/03/2022)
            h3 DLGSCI asking about club affiliations to WWA in relation to KidSport
            p Asked about UFC Gym Balcatta (denied) and Truth (confirmed)
            minutes give them feedback? rick: he said: what about what club affiliation looks like

        section
            h2 Next meeting
            p Tuesday 19th April 
            p 8:11pm
            