<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8">
    <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../style.css">
    <title>WWA Board meeting: September agenda</title>
  </head>
  <body> 
    <h1>September agenda</h1>
    <h2>Meeting opening</h2>
    <h3>Attendance and apologies</h3>
    <h3>Conflict of interest disclosure</h3>
    <h3>Minutes of the previous meeting</h3>
    <p>Previous meeting agenda is <a href="./attachments/minutes_august.pdf" target="_blank">here.</a></p>
    <h3>_Matters arising from the minutes of the previous meeting</h3>
    <pre>David Barns
[ ] offer Peet $4000 for mats
[x] liaise with WAL re: Youth Nationals
[ ] ask Rick Smith to review AMG indemnity form
[ ] askRick Smith when he's available to meet with board to review Board Governance Charter
[ ] organise meeting with Brett Rogers from DLGSCI re ongoing funding

Erica May and Carlize Jankowitz
[x] Send email to coaches re: volunteers for George Samios Cup
[ ] liaise with Exclusive Trophies re: Individual High Performance Trophies

Chris Samios
[ ] Contact clubs and other combat sports re:attendance at AMG

Dyota Tanuwibawa
[ ] Arrange with David to keep Neil Gregory file somewhere accessible
[ ] Draft up potential sites for holding tournaments, ask coaches for suggestions on where to hold tournaments other than Herb Graham
[x] Hold meeting with board to discuss Governance Charter
</pre>
    <h3>Finance report</h3>
    <h2>Matters for decision</h2>
    <h3>Youth National to be hosted by WA if Victoria is not able to? 14<sup>th</sup> November 2021. </h3>
    <p>David: In short, [Andrew Kanatli wanted] to see if we could still be a back-up for this event should the 14 November date not be possible in Victoria given the state of COVID there at present. I reiterated our previous willingness to support WAL should we be asked to.</p>
    <p>Chris S. :The key question will be whether wrestlers from other states can come to WA. If they cannot, it would not seem fair to have national championships and they should be cancelled. </p>
    <p>Chris B.: Perhaps we may consider inviting Wrestlerâ€™s from the other states to come and participate in our state championship tournament on 28th November. This will give those willing to travel and complete an opportunity to participate</p>
    <h3>Conditional financial support for potential Commonwealth Games athlete</h3>
    <p>Julian Giustiniano has expressed interest in entering the Commonwealth Games qualifier in Brisbane on <strong>16<sup>th</sup> October</strong>. However is unwilling to bear the risk of a 2-week imposed hotel quarantine. Discuss possibility of offering support in the event hotel quarantine is imposed. </p>
    <p>To take into consideration:</p>
    <ul> 
      <li>Costs that would have usually been borne by association for interstate/international travel were not incurred in 2020-2021</li>
      <li>Bank balance is strong</li>
    </ul>
    <p>Normal registration ends on the 12<sup>th</sup> October 2021. </p>
    <h3>$90 invoice from Wrestling Australia </h3>
    <p>There is an <a href="./attachments/invoice.pdf">invoice</a> from the national body for "2019 membership fees", due on 26<sup>th</sup> Jan 2020 (last year).</p>
    <p>From Martin Schumacher: </p>
    <blockquote>I can't see any "$90" payment by WA Wrestling, but could this $90 have been included in another payment by WA Wrestling, and then reconciled apart from this invoice?  Would you know?  Give me a call sometime if you think this is in error.</blockquote>
    <h3>Propose officiating training</h3>
    <p>Suggest to hold officiating training prior to November tournament. In addition to refereeing, volunteers need to be given the opportunity to understand how officiating team works, how to fill score sheet, general protocol running of tournament etc. </p>
    <h3>Classification points and high performance trophy update</h3>
    <p>Gladiators in the lead to take High Performance Trophy, Wolves second. Snapshot is <a href="./attachments/2021 High Performance.htm">here</a>. </p>
    <p>Rankings calculated on sum of classification points gained per club. </p>
    <p>Alternative calculation also presented, where club ranking is based on points per wrestler, summed over all tournaments. </p>
    <h2>Matters for discussion</h2>
    <h3>2022 tournament schedule</h3>
    <p>It is almost time to start sorting dates and venues. There was some talk about trying different venues so think we need a consensus before  booking Herb Graham again.</p>
    <h2>Matters for noting</h2>
    <h3>Warriors mats have been purchased by the association for $4,000</h3>
    <p>Added to asset register (<a href="./attachments/Register.html">snapshot</a>)</p>
    <h3>Social media campaign started</h3>
    <p>Started Monday 13<sup>th</sup> September. 5 posts per week for the next few months. </p>
    <h3>AMG postponed to April 2022</h3>
    <h3>David attended SportsWest AGM Tuesday 7<sup>th</sup> Sept</h3>
    <h3> WAL sent through financial reports and will do so every month. </h3>
    <ul>
      <li><a href="./attachments/finance_07.pdf">July report</a></li>
      <li><a href="./attachments/finance_08.pdf">August report</a></li>
    </ul>
    <h2>Next meeting</h2>
    <p>If the  the deferment of this meeting is ignored, the next meeting will be on Tuesday, 12<sup>th</sup> September, 7pm at Majella School</p>
    <p>... or, four weeks from now, Tuesday, 19<sup>th</sup> September</p>
  </body>
</html>